Network interface configuration (#3421)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> - Offer an installer option to configure the network interface used by the collector ()[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `SPLUNK_LISTEN_INTERFACE` and associated installer option to configure the network interface used by the collector for default configurations ([#3421](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/3421))
```
